
PUT YOUR NAME HERE: John William Gardner

NOTE: If you are working by yourself (no teammates), then use this file
(self_reflection_1.txt).  If you are working with teammates, then the order
of the names in your team repository determines who uses which of the three
self_reflection_X.txt files, as per this example:
   For team     csse120-202110-andersm3-morrisnc-sheerimm
     -- anderssm3 must use   self_reflection_1.txt
     -- morrisnc  must use   self_reflection_2.txt
     -- sheerimm  must use   self_reflection_3.txt
Another example:
   For team     csse120-202101-kintnecm-rams-harristj
     -- kintnecm  must use   self_reflection_1.txt
     -- rams      must use   self_reflection_2.txt
     -- harristj  must use   self_reflection_3.txt

Then answer the following questions.
Answers can be BRIEF, but we expect them to be THOUGHTFUL answers.

1.  Explain, in a sentence or two, something that SURPRISED you
    after you began working on your project.

    Something that suprised me was the amount of work that I thought initially and the amount of work in the end.
    At first, I felt that my game could be done quite easily. However, there were some components that were much more
    challenging than others. For instance, the creation of the locator required me to get the help of Ms. Sana. In the
    end though, all the pieces to the game were satisfying to complete.

2.  Identify something that you would have done DIFFERENTLY in your project,
    with hindsight.  Then explain, in a short paragraph, how you did that
    something (in your actual project), how you would have done it differently,
    why you would do it differently, and how you would encourage yourself
    to do it (or its equivalent) differently in future projects.

    One thing I might have done differently would have to be the moving of the character instead of the map. If I chose
    to move the character on the window instead of the background, writing my code might have been much easier. When
    working on moving the background, there were many challenges that arose, including but not limited to: the map
    boarder sometimes shifting to the left or right, the hitbox of the departments shifting to different position, etc.
    While I might do this instead, there was also something satisfying about solving these problems. It is great to see
    it all come together in the semi-finished product. I might even be better at using this method now!

3.  Identify something that you are particularly PROUD of your work in your
    project.  Explain, in a short paragraph, what it is, why you are proud
    of it, and how you will encourage yourself to do it (or its equivalent)
    similarly in future projects.

    Three things that I am proud of are the creation of my own sprites, the creation of the locator, and the movement
    of the map. When starting this project, I had no idea that I would need to take time to make my own custom sprites.
    However, I came to realize that there was not much out on the internet to help me. So for three days, I would be
    creating my own pixel art to place in my store. And in the end, I feel really proud of it! While some items could
    have been scaled down for a more realistic look, I believe it turned out well. I am also proud of the locator. At
    first, I thought that placing hitboxes for each department would be easy. However, I realized that the coordinate
    system to my map was mirrored. Therefore, a maority of the map was in the negatives. I sat and looked at my screen
    for over two hours. Then I got the help of Ms. Sana, and we were able to solve it after two hours. I could have not
    done it without her! Finally, I was proud of the movement of the map. While this factor created problems, as stated
    it allowed me to get a better understanding of Python. In conclusion, I am proud of my sprites, the locator, and the
    background map. I would definitely use all three in a future project.
